#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.9
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
alabaster==0.7.13
    # via sphinx
anyio==3.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==21.3.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.2.3
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.2.1
    # via stack-data
async-generator==1.10
    # via trio
attrs==23.1.0
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   outcome
    #   trio
babel==2.12.1
    # via sphinx
backcall==0.2.0
    # via ipython
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.0.0
    # via nbconvert
cachetools==5.3.1
    # via tox
cerberus==1.3.4
    # via -r requirements.in
certifi==2023.5.7
    # via
    #   requests
    #   urllib3
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   argon2-cffi-bindings
    #   cryptography
    #   trio
chardet==5.1.0
    # via tox
charset-normalizer==2.1.1
    # via requests
click==8.1.3
    # via -r requirements.in
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   pytest
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
comm==0.1.3
    # via ipykernel
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
cryptography==41.0.1
    # via
    #   pyopenssl
    #   urllib3
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
debugpy==1.6.7
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distlib==0.3.6
    # via virtualenv
docutils==0.17.1
    # via
    #   sphinx
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
exceptiongroup==1.1.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   pytest
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
executing==1.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.17.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.12.2
    # via
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
fonttools==4.40.0
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
h11==0.14.0
    # via wsproto
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   trio
    #   urllib3
imagesize==1.4.1
    # via sphinx
importlib-metadata==6.7.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   nbconvert
    #   sphinx
importlib-resources==5.12.0
    # via matplotlib
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
ipykernel==6.23.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipython==8.14.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-console
ipython-genutils==0.2.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
ipywidgets==8.0.6
    # via jupyter
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.18.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
    #   sphinx
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.17.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   nbformat
jupyter==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyter-client==8.3.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-console==6.6.3
    # via jupyter
jupyter-core==5.3.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
jupyter-events==0.6.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-server==2.7.0
    # via
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.4.4
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab-pygments==0.2.2
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.1
    # via nbconvert
nbclassic==1.0.0
    # via notebook
nbclient==0.8.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
nbformat==5.9.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   notebook
nest-asyncio==1.5.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
notebook==6.5.4
    # via jupyter
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via nbclassic
numpy==1.25.0
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   seaborn
outcome==1.2.0
    # via trio
overrides==7.3.1
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   qtconsole
    #   qtpy
    #   sphinx
    #   tox
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pickleshare==0.7.5
    # via ipython
pillow==9.5.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==3.8.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-core
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
pluggy==1.2.0
    # via
    #   pytest
    #   tox
prometheus-client==0.17.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
prompt-toolkit==3.0.38
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
psutil==5.9.5
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.15.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-console
    #   nbconvert
    #   qtconsole
    #   sphinx
pyopenssl==23.2.0
    # via urllib3
pyparsing==3.1.0
    # via matplotlib
pyproject-api==1.5.2
    # via tox
pyrsistent==0.19.3
    # via jsonschema
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
pytest==7.4.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.0.0
    # via webdriver-manager
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   jupyter-events
pyzmq==25.1.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
qtconsole==5.4.3
    # via jupyter
qtpy==2.3.1
    # via qtconsole
requests==2.28.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx
    #   webdriver-manager
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
seaborn==0.12.2
    # via -r requirements.in
selenium==4.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   trio
snowballstemmer==2.2.0
    # via sphinx
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.4.1
    # via beautifulsoup4
sphinx==5.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sphinx-rtd-theme
sphinx-rtd-theme==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
sphinxcontrib-applehelp==1.0.4
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-devhelp==1.0.2
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-htmlhelp==2.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-jsmath==1.0.1
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-qthelp==1.0.3
    # via sphinx
sphinxcontrib-serializinghtml==1.1.5
    # via sphinx
stack-data==0.6.2
    # via ipython
terminado==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   pyproject-api
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tornado==6.3.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclassic
    #   notebook
    #   terminado
tox==4.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
traitlets==5.9.0
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-console
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclassic
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
    #   notebook
    #   qtconsole
trio==0.22.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.10.3
    # via selenium
typing-extensions==4.7.0
    # via ipython
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3[secure,socks]==1.26.16
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
urllib3-secure-extra==0.1.0
    # via urllib3
virtualenv==20.23.1
    # via tox
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webdriver-manager==3.8.1
    # via -r requirements.in
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.6.1
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.7
    # via ipywidgets
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
zipp==3.15.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
